Readme.md, before:

## Required Mods:
- ModTek v0.7.7.2 or later: https://github.com/BattletechModders/ModTek

## Other mods based on this mod:
- Weight, heatsinks and targeting cheat upgrades: https://github.com/shaygover/BTHeatAndWeight
- (Heavy Metal DLC required) Adds RoyalMechs and Streak Missile Launchers mods item to this mod: https://github.com/shaygover/RoyalMechsAndStreakToSLDFItemsInShops
- JK_VariantsCampaign, JK_VariantsDLC and JK_VariantsStarLeague: Soon, I hope.

## What the mod does
- lvl-1: Uncommon items from all factions (Except mechs and mechparts), common mechs and mechparts from all factions. Will show up in every Arano restoration star.
- lvl-2: Rare items from all factions (Except mechs and mechparts) and higher probabilities for common and uncommon items. Stage 2 and forward.
- lvl-3: Higher probabilities for lvl-1 and lvl-2 items and Gauss Rifle. Stage 3 and forward.
- lvl-4: uncommon mechs and mechparts, uncommon SLDF weapons, SLDF upgrades and mechparts.
- lvl-5: rare mechs and mechparts, rare SLDF weapons, better probabilities for SLDF upgrades. 
- lvl-6: better probabilities for lvl-4 and lvl-5 items.
- Also black market will get 8 random items from the lvl-6 list. 

## Planets revelation stages (I used the flipped file):
1. Weldry, Fjaldr, Ichlangis: milestone_305_sim_argo_start
2. Panzyr, Bringdam, RyansFate, Mechdur: milestone_324_sim_argo
3. Smithon, Umgard, Enkra, Zangul: milestone_344_sim_argo
4. Itrom, Mangzhangdian (Post Nautilus castle): milestone_532_sim_argo
5. Tyrlon, Guldra, Heliat, Gangtok: milestone_623_sim_argo
6. Coromodir, Aea, Qalzi, RegisRoost, Katinka, Artru: milestone_700_notify_complete

## Number of items:
- Number of items: 56% of max (70% of 80% - see changelog)
- Higher probabilities: 140%

## This mod make my game too easy!
- I know. That's the point. If you only want SLDF items in the shop, just tell me what exactly you want (What items and which stage).
- You can delete some files from the "starsystem" dir to remove the mod extra items from those stores. I suggest deleting everything but: Weldry, Panzyr, Smithon, Itrom, Tyrlon and Coromodir.

## License
This software is licensed with GPL 3.0. If you repacked it, please let me know. If you have problems, open an issue.

Commit message:

Light mechs were added to thier own list

Readme.md, after:

## Required Mods:
- ModTek v0.7.7.2 or later: https://github.com/BattletechModders/ModTek

## Other mods based on this mod:
- Weight, heatsinks and targeting cheat upgrades: https://github.com/shaygover/BTHeatAndWeight
- (Heavy Metal DLC required) Adds RoyalMechs and Streak Missile Launchers mods item to this mod: https://github.com/shaygover/RoyalMechsAndStreakToSLDFItemsInShops
- JK_VariantsCampaign, JK_VariantsDLC and JK_VariantsStarLeague: https://github.com/shaygover/BT_JK_Variants2SLDFItemsInShops.

## What the mod does
- light lvl-0: Adds light mech to shops in free worlds (Where the campaign begins).
Why? Because I don't see why anyone will use a light mech after Axilus. 
- lvl-1: Uncommon items from all factions (Except mechs and mechparts), common mechs and mechparts from all factions. Will show up in every Arano restoration star.
- lvl-2: Rare items from all factions (Except mechs and mechparts) and higher probabilities for common and uncommon items. Stage 2 and forward.
- lvl-3: Higher probabilities for lvl-1 and lvl-2 items and Gauss Rifle. Stage 3 and forward.
- lvl-4: uncommon mechs and mechparts, uncommon SLDF weapons, SLDF upgrades and mechparts.
- lvl-5: rare mechs and mechparts, rare SLDF weapons, better probabilities for SLDF upgrades. 
- lvl-6: better probabilities for lvl-4 and lvl-5 items.
- Also black market will get 8 random items from the lvl-6 list. 

## Planets revelation stages (I used the flipped file):
1. Weldry, Fjaldr, Ichlangis: milestone_305_sim_argo_start
2. Panzyr, Bringdam, RyansFate, Mechdur: milestone_324_sim_argo
3. Smithon, Umgard, Enkra, Zangul: milestone_344_sim_argo
4. Itrom, Mangzhangdian (Post Nautilus castle): milestone_532_sim_argo
5. Tyrlon, Guldra, Heliat, Gangtok: milestone_623_sim_argo
6. Coromodir, Aea, Qalzi, RegisRoost, Katinka, Artru: milestone_700_notify_complete

## Number of items:
- Number of items: 56% of max (70% of 80% - see changelog)
- Higher probabilities: 140%

## This mod make my game too easy!
- I know. That's the point. If you only want SLDF items in the shop, just tell me what exactly you want (What items and which stage).
- You can delete some files from the "starsystem" dir to remove the mod extra items from those stores. I suggest deleting everything but: Weldry, Panzyr, Smithon, Itrom, Tyrlon and Coromodir.

## License
This software is licensed with GPL 3.0. If you repacked it, please let me know. If you have problems, open an issue.
